Thank you for visiting our Page. We recently revised our Privacy Statement to make it easier for you to understand. This revised Privacy Statement, like our previous one, outlines the information we collect, how we may use and disclose it, and what your options are with respect to our practices. If you have any questions, please contact us at valerytamarkin@digitsmail.com

A. PRIVACY POLICY

Jawbone-J provides you with a personalized, fully-integrated and streamlined shopping experience based upon the information you share and can earn you incentives for your online shopping actions and social behavior. The information you share with us and how you share it are very important. You are in total control as to whether you share your information with us, you can only earn incentives if you choose to share your information with us.

This Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) is designed to help you understand how Jawbone-J, Inc. (“we,” “us,” or “our”) collects and uses the information that you share when you use or access the Jawbone-J platform, the Jawbone-J website, the Jawbone-J web browser extensions or any Jawbone-J applications and their respective internet-based and mobile-based services, features, content, and functionality (collectively, the “Services”).

Before using or submitting information through the Services, please review this Privacy Policy carefully. By using or accessing the Services, and/or communicating with us via mail, email or telephone, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.

1. SCOPE OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY

Except otherwise expressly indicated in this Privacy Policy, this Privacy Policy applies only to information collected through the Services and does not apply to: (i) information that we receive or collect off-line, or (ii) the information use and collection policies of third party websites or applications, including information that you provide directly to third parties outside of the Services.

2. INFORMATION THAT WE COLLECT

To use the Services, we will ask you to share with us your “Personal Information," which is information that can personally identify you or be used to contact you. Allowing us to customize and personalize your shopping experience is entirely up to you, and you can choose not to provide us with Personal Information or disable some features of the Services. Please note that limiting such information or features may prevent you from taking full advantage of all features of the Services.

A. Information you provide to us

To use the Services, you will be required to create an account (“Account”) by creating a new Account, signing up for an Account using a social media account or linking your Account with one or more social media accounts. If you choose to create a new Account, as part of that process, we collect your name, email address, and password.

You will also be asked to create a profile (“Profile”) where you can collect, post and display information related to your purchases, likes, favorites, reviews you have posted, followers, people, things, or events you are following made through the Services. We will collect the information and content that you include in your Profile.

When you use the Services, we will collect information about how you use them, including the websites of merchants participating in the Jawbone-J platform (“Merchants”), merchant websites you viewed, what searches and search terms you entered, who or what you “follow,” what products or items you viewed or shared with others, reviewed/rated, saved or added to your shopping cart, bid requests you made, or sales that you referred to others (collectively, “Social History”), to allow us to tailor and personalize your shopping experience with different brands.

When you use the Services to make a purchase from a merchant, we will collect information about you and your purchase to facilitate the transaction, including your name, billing address, shipping address, payment card information and contact information. We may also collect information you shared with Merchants and that Merchants shared with you in completing your purchases and information relevant to your purchase, including product SKUs, dates of purchase, prices, colors, sizes, availability, coupons or discounts applied to your purchase, method of payment, and shipping (collectively, “Purchase History”).

If you choose to link your Account with any social media accounts or sign up for an Account using a social media account, such as a Facebook, Pinterest, Instagram, or Twitter, we will request your social media account information, including log-in credentials, such as username and password. We may also collect other information from such social media accounts, including your location and profile pictures. What information from social media accounts is available to us depends on your security and privacy settings on the social media platforms, and may include lists of your friends and connections on those platforms.

We also collect all information that you directly and explicitly share through the Services, such as product reviews, messaging with other users, community posts, other contributions, and direct communications with us.

B. Other information we automatically collect through your use of the Services

When you use the Services we automatically collect information from you using common internet technologies, such as cookies, locally stored objects and web beacons (see more information in Section 3, below, titled “Cookies & Other Online Identification Tools”):

a. If you access and use the Services through a mobile device, we may collect information regarding your GPS location, your IP addresses, your mobile device identifier, and associated services from your mobile device.

b. We may collect information related to your web browser, browsing history, transactions, operating system information, IP address and the date, time, length of stay, searches run, and specific pages accessed.

We also collect data in a form that does not on its own permit direct association with any specific individual, such as zip code, area code, unique device identifier, location, and the time zone where the Services are used to better understand user behavior and improve our products and services. We may collect, use, transfer, and disclose such non-personally identifiable information for any purpose.

We may strip data of all personally identifying characteristics, and may aggregate the data. This Privacy Policy in no way limits or restricts our collection or disclosure of aggregate information or of non-personally identifiable information. However, if we do combine non-personal information with Personal Information the combined information will be treated as Personal Information for as long as it remains combined.

3. COOKIES & OTHER ONLINE IDENTIFICATION TOOLS

A “cookie” is a small file or tool sent from a website to your web browser and stored on your computer. We use various types of session and persistent cookies to help you access and navigate the Services more efficiently, to customize your experience with the Services, to store certain information that you previously provided (such as username and password), to authenticate users, and to statistically monitor users using the Services. A “session cookie” is comprised of temporary bits of information that are erased once you close your web browser or turn off your computer. A “persistent cookie” including a locally stored object is comprised of more permanent bits of information that are placed on the hard drive of your computer.

You can set your browser to decline the receipt of cookies or notify you when a cookie is placed; however, certain features of the Services will not function properly or be available if your browser is configured to disable cookies.

The use of cookies by third parties is not covered by this Privacy Policy. We do not have access or control over these cookies.

We may use web beacons to personalize your use of and experience with the Services. Web beacons usually are not visible to you and are delivered by a web browser as part of a web page request or in an email. Web beacons collect general information such as the number and time of interactions with an email containing a web beacon, the type of browser used, and the IP address. Web beacons may be used alone or in conjunction with cookies. When web beacons are used with cookies, they may link general information to Personal Information.

4. HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION

We use your Personal Information to provide you with the Services, by personalizing your shopping experience, helping you make purchases from multiple Merchants through one streamlined checkout process, and allowing you to display your purchases and interests. We also aggregate all of the information that we collect from you and your use of the Services, including Purchase History and Social History, to understand and calculate your Jawbone-J weight, a measure or score representative of your clout as an online consumer, which we use to suggest items and Merchants that may be of interest to you and to allow you to leverage your data and purchasing history to get special promotional offers, incentives, discounts, and benefits from participating Merchants.

Other examples of how we may use your Personal Information are to:

a. customize, analyze, adjust and improve the Services to better meet your needs;

b. facilitate communication between us and you;

c. provide you with information that may interest you, such as newsletters or emails or push notifications about our products and services (this information contains a subscriber link allowing you to opt out);

d. provide you with marketing and promotional information about products and services we believe may interest you (this information contains a subscriber link allowing you to opt out);

e. administer a survey (if you consent to participate in the survey via a response email);

f. enforce this Privacy Policy or our Terms of Use [URL];

g. provide you with important administrative information regarding the Services, such as changes to this Privacy Policy, our Terms of Use and our other policies; and

h. prevent fraud and other prohibited, illegal, or unwanted activities.

5. DISCLOSURE OR SHARING OF THE INFORMATION THAT WE COLLECT

Unless you have consented or as is otherwise described in this Privacy Policy, we will not disclose your Personal Information except for:

a. To Merchants. To make Merchant purchases through the Services, we will share your information with Merchants, including your name, billing address, payment card information, order information, and email address. In connection with the operation, promotion, and marketing of our Services, we will also share certain information with Merchants that you have purchased from in the past, including your Jawbone-J weight, Purchase History, Social History, location, and demographic information such as your age or gender. By using the Services, you authorize us to disclose this information to Merchants. As those Merchants are not governed by our Privacy Policy, we recommend that you review their privacy policies.

b. Display of your Profile and Purchases: If you create a Profile, we will by default display your Profile and the content of your Profile, including your collections and public social activity on the Services, to other users. If you choose to make that same information viewable to the public, that information will also be displayed publicly. If you choose to make that same information private, that information will not be displayed publicly. If you have linked your Account to one or more social media accounts, we may also share your Profile and purchases with your friends and connections on those social media accounts.

c. Affiliates. We may share your information with our affiliates, including but not limited to our strategic business partners, who may use your information for purposes similar to the purposes for which we collect such information. We may require all such companies to comply with the terms of this Privacy Policy.

d. Vendors and Third Party Services Providers: We may retain other companies and individuals to help us perform the Services, including payment processors and sales processors. We may also retain other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf, such as business analytics and marketing. Such third parties may be provided with access to Personal Information needed to perform their functions, but may not use such information for any other purpose.

e. Compliance with Law and Fraud Protection: We may disclose any information, including without limitation Personal Information, we deem necessary to comply with any applicable law or regulation. This may include compliance with a subpoena, binding orders of a data protection agency, legal process, or governmental authority request. We reserve the right to disclose your Personal Information if we believe you have violated or are violating our Terms of Use or to protect or defend our rights or property, even without a subpoena, warrant or other court order.

f. Sale or Transfer of Information: In the event of a merger, liquidation, dissolution, insolvency, bankruptcy, receivership or sale or transfer of substantially all of the assets of Jawbone-J, Inc. or the Services, Personal Information and/or other information collected through the Services may be sold, assigned or transferred to the party acquiring all or substantially all of the equity and/or assets of Jawbone-J, Inc. and/or the Services. By using the Services and submitting information to us, you consent to the sale and transfer of such information as contemplated by this paragraph.

6. YOUR CHOICES ABOUT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION

You have a choice about how your information is collected, used, and shared. It all starts when you sign up for your Account: there you can set your privacy and information sharing settings through the Services, including opting out of certain information sharing, linking, or unlinking your social media accounts with your Account or making your Profile publicly viewable. You can also visit your Account settings at any time to make changes. If you link your Account to any social media accounts, you can adjust your social media privacy settings through your social media accounts.

If you tell us that you do not want us to use your Personal Information to contact you, we will comply with applicable law. You may instruct us to stop sending you emails, newsletters, or other information by sending an email with your name, address, email address, and your opt-out instructions with “UNSUBSCRIBE” in the subject line of such email to valerytamarkin@digitsmail.com or, if available, following the “unsubscribe” instructions provided. We may, however, continue to use your Personal Information to contact you about your Account, the Services, or as otherwise authorized by law.

If you would like to modify or delete your Personal Information, please send an email to valerytamarkin@digitsmail.com with clear instructions in the body of the email about what you would like to modified or deleted. We will respond to your request within 30 days after receipt.

7. QUESTIONS ABOUT OUR PRIVACY POLICY 

If you have questions about this Privacy Policy or Jawbone-J generally, please contact us at valerytamarkin@digitsmail.com
